Release 0.13.0 (#800)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/sdk6ChangeLog.rst

Changelog
---------

.. _changelog-0.13.0:

[0.13.0] - 2023-11-10
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Added
"""""

- Add a check on EULA acceptation when using the MicroEJ Gradle plugin.
- Automatically publish the ASSEMBLY_EXCEPTION.txt file if it exists at the root of the project.
- Allow to publish the Feature file of an Application.

> - Add `:execTool` task to execute MicroEJ Tools provided by the selected VEE Port or Kernel.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we make it clear that only the stacktrace reader and the code coverage works (or at least are supported) for the moment? (cc @gjadi-mej )

Reviewer 2: IMHO having the documentation for only the tools we support is enough.

Author: Ok, I modified  the changelog's entry.

Changed
"""""""

- Use VEE Port properties defined in the `LoadExecutableConfiguration` class to build a Feature.

> - Use the Kernel Executable as output of the `loadKernelExecutable` task instead of a directory.

Reviewer: These 2 items does not make sense for the end user IMO, they are about internal changes. Should we keep adding such changes in the changlelog? Not blocker though.

Author: I removed the 2 items from the changelog

Fixed
"""""

> - Fix warning during compilation because of non-existing file or folder.

Reviewer: Can we add the text of the warning?

Author: Done.

> - Fix warning in SOAR when building an Executable with Architecture 8.0.0.

Reviewer: Can we add the text of the warning?

Author: Done.

>          [M59] - Classpath file [C:\Users\user\...\myProject\build\resources\main] does not exist. 

Reviewer: No need to display a code block IMO (note sure it is "allowed" in changelog). We can do like the line above: `Fix warning in SOAR when building an Executable with Architecture 8.0.0 ( [M59] - Classpath file [C:\Users\user\...\myProject\build\resources\main] does not exist. )`

Author: Ok, done

- Enable Ant verbose mode for VEE Port scripts when Gradle debug log level is enabled.

> - Fix the build of a Feature when the provided Kernel does not contain the `dynamicFeatureLink.microejLaunch` build script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the build of a Feature when the provided Virtual Device does not contain the `dynamicFeatureLink.microejLaunch` build script (Virtual Device built with SDK 5).
```

Author: Done.
